\input texinfo @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename thunder.info
@include version.texi
@settitle Thunder @value{VERSION}

@defcodeindex op
@syncodeindex op cp
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for Thunder (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}),
a virtual machine based on GNU lightning.

Copyright @copyright{} 2017 Marc Nieper-Wi@ss{} kirchen

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts.  A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@dircategory Software development
@direntry
* Thunder: (thunder).   The Thunder virtual machine.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Thunder
@subtitle for version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}
@author Marc Nieper-Wi@ss{}kirchen (@email{incoming+nieper/thunder@@gitlab.com})
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Thunder

This manual is for Thunder (version @value{VERSION}, @value{UPDATED}),
a virtual machine based on GNU lightning.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Overview::		Introduction to Thunder.
* Specification::       Specification of the virtual machine.                
* The instruction set:: The instruction set used in Thunder.
* Library::             Using Thunder in other programs.
* Internals::           Documentation of the internals of the Thunder virtual machine.
* Reporting bugs::	Sending bug reports and feature suggestions.
* GNU Free Documentation License:: Copying and sharing this documentation.
* Concept index::	Index of concepts.
@end menu


@node Overview
@chapter Introduction to Thunder

@cindex overview

Thunder is a virtual machine based on GNU lightning.  The virtual machine
is intended to be used as a compilation target of dynamic programming
languages like Scheme and JavaScript.

The @command{thunder} program (@url{https://nieper.gitlab.io/thunder})
loads a Thunder image file, and executes the contained code.  During
execution, code can be dynamically added.  At any time while the code is
executed, the current state can be dumped as a new image file.  Loading
that file at a later date resumes code execution.

The image file is the external representation of a datum of IEEE Scheme.


@node Specification
@chapter Specification of the virtual machine

This chapter is not yet written.


@node The instruction set
@chapter The instruction set used in Thunder

This chapter is not yet written.


@node Library
@chapter Using Thunder in other programs

This chapter is not yet written.


@node Internals
@chapter Documentation of the internals of the Thunder virtual machine

This chapter is not yet written.


@node Reporting bugs
@chapter Reporting bugs

@cindex bug reporting
@cindex problems
@cindex reporting bugs

To report bugs, suggest enhancements or otherwise discuss Thunder,
please send electronic mail to @email{bug-hello@@gnu.org}.

@cindex checklist for bug reports
For bug reports, please include enough information for the maintainers
to reproduce the problem.  Generally speaking, that means:

@itemize @bullet
@item The version numbers of Thunder (which you can find by running
      @w{@samp{thunder --version}}) and any other program(s) or
      manual(s) involved.
@item Hardware and operating system names and versions.
@item The contents of any input files necessary to reproduce the bug.
@item The expected behavior and/or output.
@item A description of the problem and samples of any erroneous output.
@item Options you gave to @command{configure} other than specifying
      installation directories.
@item Anything else that you think would be helpful.
@end itemize

When in doubt whether something is needed or not, include it.  It's
better to include too much than to leave out something important.

@cindex patches, contributing
Patches are welcome; if possible, please make them with @samp{@w{diff
-c}} (@pxref{Top,, Overview, diff, Comparing and Merging Files}) and
include @file{ChangeLog} entries (@pxref{Change Log,,, emacs, The GNU
Emacs Manual}).  Please follow the existing coding style.


@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License

@include fdl.texi

@node Concept index
@unnumbered Concept index

@printindex cp

@bye
